docs: add troubleshooting guide for PSScriptAnalyzer warnings and update examples to use script-scoped variables Addresses issue #329 (#350)
psake/psake: README.md

Get-Help Invoke-psake -Full
```

## Troubleshooting

### PSScriptAnalyzer Warnings in Properties Blocks

When using PSScriptAnalyzer with psake build scripts, you may encounter warnings like:

```
PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments: The variable 'build_dir' is assigned but never used.
```

This is a known limitation - PSScriptAnalyzer's static analysis cannot detect that psake dot-sources Properties blocks into task scope at runtime. The variables ARE actually used, but the analyzer can't see it.

**Solution:** Use script-scoped variables in your Properties blocks:

```powershell
Properties {
    $script:build_dir = "c:\build"
    $script:connection_string = "datasource=localhost;..."
}

Task Compile {
    "Building to: $build_dir"  # Works identically at runtime
}
```

The `$script:` prefix has no functional difference at runtime but satisfies PSScriptAnalyzer's static analysis requirements.

> For more details, see `Get-Help Properties -Full` or visit our [troubleshooting documentation](docs/troubleshooting.md).

Reviewer: This is pointing to a file that no longer exists. 
```suggestion
For more details, see `Get-Help Properties -Full` or visit our [troubleshooting documentation](https://psake.dev/docs/troubleshooting/common-errors).
```
